Update elasticsearch version (#744)
harvester/docs: docs/logging/harvester-logging.md

For the simplest deployment, you can deploy Elasticsearch on your local system using docker:

```sh
sudo docker run --name elasticsearch -p 9200:9200 -p 9300:9300 -e xpack.security.enabled=false -e node.name=es01 -e discovery.type=single-node -it docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:8.16.6
```

:::note

> To work with Harvester v1.5.0, the elasticsearch server version should be >= 8.11.0.
> 
> When the `rancher-logging-root-fluentd-0` pod reports an error like `#0 unexpected error error_class=Elastic::Transport::Transport::Error error="no address for http (Resolv::ResolvError)" Client can’t recognise the server.`, it means the elasticsearch server version is too old.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Elasticsearch with Harvester v1.5.0, ensure that the Elasticsearch server is running version 8.11.0 or later.

You must upgrade Elasticsearch when the `rancher-logging-root-fluentd-0` pod returns an error such as `#0 unexpected error error_class=Elastic::Transport::Transport::Error error="no address for http (Resolv::ResolvError)" Client can’t recognise the server.`.
```
